hive> describe pn_parc_marine2;
OK
identifiant_1_produit   string
identifiant_eds_pilote  string
etat_produit            string
rap                     string
libelle_rap             string
type_produit            string
ipr_datmescom           date
ce_id                   string
connexion_id            string
support_id              string
service_support         string
collect                 string
support                 string
nb_paires               string
collect_role            string
router_role             string
gtr                     string
plage_horaire_gtr       string
raison_sociale          string
addresse_complete_client        string
code_postal_client      string
siren                   string
societe_extremite_a     string
ville_extremite_a       string
voie_extremite_a        string
cp_extremite_a          string
societe_extremite_b     string
ville_extremite_b       string
voie_extremite_b        string
cp_extremite_b          string
population              string
population_cat          string
constructeur            string
chassis                 string
ios_version             string
ios_version_from_iai    string
ip_admin                string
rsc                     string
version_boot            string
dslam_id                string
master_dslam_id         string
nortel_id               string
pe_id                   string
fav_id                  string
ntu_id                  string
tronc_type              string
category                string
num_pivot               string
element_reseau          string
type_interne            string
date_photo              date

# Partition Information
# col_name              data_type               comment

date_photo              date
Time taken: 0.481 seconds, Fetched: 56 row(s)
hive>
